Okay.
So in this lesson, we're going to refactor our Spotlight Test Suite.
We're going to do something very similar to what we've done before with a factory function.
We're going to define a function that each test is going to run.
The difference here this time around is in my function.
What I'm going to do is run this code right here in my helper function is where I'm going to specify
how I would like to mark the resolved value of my Axios get method call.
And the reason I'm going to do this once again is just to remove a little bit of the duplication in
each test while still allowing each test to signify or denote which attributes matter to it.
So let me show you.
I think the idea is going to click pretty quickly because we've explored very similar ideas before.
But right here in my spotlight to test that, yes.
File within my top level spotlight describe, I'm going to create a new arrow function called mock spotlight
response.
So this is the function that a test will call whenever it wants to mock out a spotlight response.
So I'm going to provide a single parameter called data and I'll default data to an empty JavaScript
object.
And from here, instead of returning an object, all I'm going to do in the body of this arrow function
is run my code to specifically provide a resolved value for Axios dot get remember that Axios dot get
is already marked out by just because we have line three and a B number here.
So what we're doing here is actually customizing how we are marking out that method.
So I'm going to copy this code, paste it here.
And then what I'm going to do in order to actually utilize the data parameter right here is I'm going
to restructure its properties below image title and description.
So right here.
Dot, dot, dot data.
So what is the advantage of this approach?
The advantage of this approach is if a test calls mark spotlight response, we're going to mock out
the Gap method with a reasonable response object to resemble the real spotlight object in our DB that
JSON file.
However, if any test wants to provide any custom data properties, if any test wants to customize what
image, title or description are, it can simply pass in a an argument of data.
And those properties, because we do structure them here, will overwrite the defaults right here.
So each test can customize the properties if it wants to.
And each test can also specify which properties it cares about.
Right.
So for example, in my very first test here, I'm going to get rid of my access that get called.
And what I'm going to do is construct the data object that I care about in this test.
So data.
And all I really care about in my spotlight response is that I have an image property set to whatever
I want and I'm just going to give it the string value of some image.
So once again, you might be thinking, but Boris, this is the exact same thing that we have in our
mock spotlight response.
And I think that's totally fine because the advantage of rewriting it in this test is that another reader,
including us in the future, doesn't have to scroll back up to understand what's going on.
Instead, what we can do is invoke a function that describes what we're doing pretty well.
We are mocking the spotlight's response and I'm going to provide it an object with the data property
I defined above using s syntax.
So we're going to feed this object in with the image property to this arrow function above.
We're going to mark out my spotlight's response, and instead of sticking with this image right here,
I'm going to restructure my data object that I created right here and pass in this image property.
Again, it is the same string, but from the purposes of this test, it doesn't have to know what happens.
It just knows that we're somehow mocking out the spotlight's response.
And a reader can make an educated guess that we are marking out the data in that response.
And this is something we care about.
And it kind of communicates to a fellow reader that, hey, we have this property with some image,
and then we're going to expect to see some image show up somewhere in the component.
So I think it reads a little bit more focused, a little bit more isolated, a little bit more focused
on what the test cares about a single attribute and kind of leaves the rest of the response the other
properties like title and description above.
So if somebody wants to scroll up and understand all those additional properties, they can.
But what we're communicating here is it doesn't really matter.
The heart of what we need to get this test to run is just this thing right here.
Right?
So with that, I'm going to save this file.
Let's see if it passes and it still does.
And we can reuse the same logic below.
So right here, I'm going to remove my former actions that get called.
I'm going to create a data object for this test.
What we care about is the title and I'm going to set it to some title.
You're more than welcome to set it to whatever you want as long as you change the string right here
as well.
And by itself that is not enough.
We also need to mark our spotlight's response by invoking the error function we just defined passing
in a sample data object to overwrite.
And again, if we didn't care about this, we could simply invoke it without an argument.
And Mark Spotlight response would pass in that default fallback of an empty object and that would take
care of that default and it would work for a test anyway.
So I'm going to do that.
Save that.
And finally here, same deal.
Going to remove this call, going to create a data object.
This one cares about the description.
For description, I'm going to put some description.
You're more than welcome to customize it.
And then we need to make sure this test mocks the Spotlight response and provides the data object that
it cares about, which our function above will take care of incorporating in the making out of the spotlight.
And there we go.
So I've saved that.
This allows me to capture what I was just doing with my Axios that get mark instead of five lines.
We have it in a single line while still communicating about which data we care about and still focusing
each test on an individual section focused on just one attribute of that response object that we are
rendering.
All right.
So with that, we have completed our refactor and in the next lesson, we can review everything that
we've learned in this section.